README.md, before:

# items from itsschwer

A content mod that adds new items (and equipment).

## aim
to add items that synergise with existing game mechanics, maybe (and without diluting the item pool).

## additions

### equipment
1. ***Replenisher***
    - 15s cooldown
    - *Restores broken, consumed, and empty items. Transforms on use.*\
    \
    <span style="color: #95cde5;">Restores</span> broken, consumed, and empty items back into their <span style="color: #e5c962;">original forms</span>. Does not affect items that can regenerate. Equipment <span style="color: #95cde5;">transforms</span> into a <span style="color: #e5c962;">random equipment</span> when depleted.
        - "Depleted" is similar to "used", except synergises with *Fuel Cells* *(i.e. only triggers when all equipment charges are used)*
        - Affected items:
            - *Dio's Best Friend*
            - *Pluripotent Larva* — becomes non-void if restoring alongside *Dio's Best Friend*
            - *Delicate Watch*
            - *Power Elixir*
            - *Tonic Affliction*
    <!--  -->
    - *Notes:*
        - Essentially a variation of the *Recycler* and the *Trophy Hunter's Tricorn*
        - Can still be used even if the user does not have any items that can be restored
            - Combined with the low cooldown, it may synergise well with *Bottled Chaos* and *Fuel Cells*

### items
- *tba*
<!--
- void spare drone parts
    - *mainly because umbra-summoned col. droneman is OP and hard to see; also to add a third void red option*
    - → railgunner alt utility slow field?
    - → allies gain a buff ward (similar to celestine?)
        - *incentivise sticking together; maybe only organic allies?*
        - which buff?
            - warbanner?
            - lifesteal/leech?
-->

## notes
- using unused game assets for sprites and icons
    - ∴ the sprite outline for *Replenisher (`MendConsumed`)* suggests that the equipment is Lunar, even though it isn't

Commit message:

readme: Expand notes to include strategies

README.md, after:

# items from itsschwer

A content mod that adds new items (and equipment).

## aim
to add items that synergise with existing game mechanics, maybe (and without diluting the item pool).

## additions

### equipment
1. ***Replenisher***
    - 15s cooldown
    - *Restores broken, consumed, and empty items. Transforms on use.*\
    \
    <span style="color: #95cde5;">Restores</span> broken, consumed, and empty items back into their <span style="color: #e5c962;">original forms</span>. Does not affect items that can regenerate. Equipment <span style="color: #95cde5;">transforms</span> into a <span style="color: #e5c962;">random equipment</span> when depleted.
        - "Depleted" is similar to "used", except synergises with *Fuel Cells* *(i.e. only triggers when all equipment charges are used)*
        - Affected items:
            - *Dio's Best Friend*
            - *Pluripotent Larva* — becomes non-void if restoring alongside *Dio's Best Friend*
            - *Delicate Watch*
            - *Power Elixir*
            - *Tonic Affliction*
    <!--  -->
    - *Notes:*
        - Essentially a variation of the *Recycler* and the *Trophy Hunter's Tricorn*
        - Can still be used even if the user does not have any items that can be restored
        - *Strategies:*
            - Given the low cooldown, it may synergise well with *Fuel Cells* to proc items that trigger on equipment activation (*War Horn*, *Bottled Chaos*)
            - Since the equipment only transforms when all charges are depleted, *Fuel Cells* may enable the user to effectively become immortal by allowing them to repeatedly restore *Dio's Best Friend* as soon as they revive
                - This comes at the cost of not being able to carry other equipment across stages

### items
- *tba*
<!--
- void spare drone parts
    - *mainly because umbra-summoned col. droneman is OP and hard to see; also to add a third void red option*
    - → railgunner alt utility slow field?
    - → allies gain a buff ward (similar to celestine?)
        - *incentivise sticking together; maybe only organic allies?*
        - which buff?
            - warbanner?
            - lifesteal/leech?
-->

## notes
- using unused game assets for sprites and icons
    - ∴ the sprite outline for *Replenisher (`MendConsumed`)* suggests that the equipment is Lunar, even though it isn't
